there was a report this morning from
Ming Chico of a new keyboard being
developed for apples and new MacBooks
for upcoming Mac books and I mean this
is something we've been waiting for for
a really long time for the past four
years we've been dealing with janky
keywords from Apple on their MacBook
lineup and to here this was just like it
was big news for me
so what this keyboard is it's a shift
back to the original style of keyboard
switch in 2015 they introduced their new
switch the butterfly mechanism and we've
seen it pan out over the past few years
it is not a particularly reliable design
they're on their fourth iteration or
something like that but this new rumored
switch uses that traditional scissor
mechanism so the way this thing works is
it uses two pieces that interlock to
make this scissor like mechanism but
what makes this Apple variant special or
unique is the material that they're
using to develop this instead of using
like a traditional regular plastic
they're using a glass fiber material
supposedly now they've used this
material before when they originally
announced the butterfly mechanism in
2015 you can see that they've used glass
reinforced plastics before and the
reason why they use this stuff is for
strength right you're able to make these
components thinner and smaller while
retaining strength so these new scissor
switches should be able to be a lot
thinner than your traditional scissor
switch while also being quite durable
when Apple switched over to the
butterfly switches originally in 2015
and 16 the main reason why they did it
was not just to be different they did it
because the butterfly switches allowed
their MacBooks to just be a little bit
thinner they've probably shaved one or
two millimeters off the total Z height
like the vertical height of the device
so they could make thinner laptops but
the issues that have popped up in light
of using that butterfly switch have I
mean there's lots of them to the point
where they now have a keyboard
replacement program that covers the
entire MacBook lineup for the past four
years and it's gonna cost them quite a
bit of money so if the supply chain
report is true that's great we're gonna
see some new keyboards and the upcoming
MacBooks which will hopefully be more
reliable and more durable than the
existing ones but I find it more
interesting that they're switching back
I use the word switch but they're
they're switching back to a more
traditional switch it's like they built
up this whole market
and they had some cool videos to
showcase how these switches work and why
they're better than your traditional
scissor switch but it's weird and just
interesting that four and a half or five
years later they go back to the more
tried-and-tested design the scissor
switch it's cool that Apple is
essentially recognizing fault here
admitting that what they built
four-and-a-half five years ago is not an
ideal keyword because clearly there's
stuff that's wrong with it now in terms
of the devices that are getting this new
keyboard Ming Chu Kuo mentions that the
first device to get this will be the
upcoming 2019 MacBook Air now
interestingly that was a device that
just got a redesign last year and this
report is saying that these new
keyboards should appear in this 2019
variant and I don't think they'll be
changing the design of that newly
redesigned MacBook Air right so that
means that these new keyboards these new
scissors switch keyboards should be able
to fit into the existing MacBook Air
chassis now granted that's not a
super-thin MacBook but the fact that
they don't have to redesign an entire
new chassis to house these new keyboards
is I mean it's cool like maybe this is
just maybe but maybe they would be able
to take those new keyboards and retrofit
the existing MacBook Pros with them like
in the key word replacement program who
knows but the idea of a new keyboard is
really cool
now one thing to note this is a rumor
right makes you close usually pretty
accurate with this stuff but there's no
way for me to judge the validity or
accuracy of this there was one thing
about this report that kind of made it
seem questionable it was the fact that
this new keyboard wasn't mentioned along
with the 16 inch MacBook Pro like that's
supposedly going to have a regular
butterfly switch maybe I don't know like
this is all just rumored material but I
mean this is this is great news and I
love the fact that Apple is addressing
this like they had to do this this was
eventually gonna happen and I'm glad
that it's happening now but despite all
this praise and happiness that have
about these upcoming keyboards they're
still part of me that's like I'm
surprised it took this long they let a
product line ride for four years like
there's so many Mac books out there
MacBook Pros out there with just bad
keyboards that they can't really do
anything about but the other thing is
that they claimed only a
number of users were actually having
issues with the existing MacBook
keyboards which is honestly like that
sounds really misleading because if that
were the case it was only just a limited
number of people with problems of those
MacBook keyboards number one we wouldn't
see a keyboard replacement program as
extensive as it is right now and
secondly they wouldn't be switching to a
new style of keyboard switch like if
that old one was so good why switch
right okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs we
love to see you guys next time